What is up guys and what KMAX are now in the studio we will be working up good like if we want to build
like a hotel booking thing.
OK so then how we want it to be.
So first of all what we have to do is that we need to add a new product.
Okay.
And then we have to work with it to first of all we have to enter the hotel booking so Lesbos that this
is the hotel name.
So this is buu Calo hotel.
OK.
And let's suppose that this is the hotel room and I want to just go ahead and I want to sign the product
demand so product image is going to be let's just go ahead and let's add an image so I'm just going
to add
I said this one.
OK.
And now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit said product.
So on just clicking it.
You can see it's Filby here and everything is here.
So this is like to call a hotel.
OK.
And we have the categories so we can at any category like hotels or something like that.
OK but we don't want to add any of the category here.
I just want to come here and I want to slight.
I'm like bookable product.
OK.
And since this is a virtual product OK that is why I have to select that this is the virtual product.
And on one single room we want to assign this to a maximum person like only for a maximum person can
live in a room.
If they go beyond that we don't want we don't allow it.
So our policy doesn't allow it so we can just add it like it has persons.
OK.
There would be some for a child for a child.
We would charge him more.
Oh sorry.
For adults we will charge more for child people charge him like less.
OK so we will be giving the pricing on the basis of the person.
OK we will not be charging on the basis of the blocks.
We will not be charging on the basis of the rooms he types.
We will charge extra for different types of resources that he adds.
OK but we will be charging basically on the person basis like how many adults they have and then how
many children that have.
OK.
And then we have to worry that the has resources so you can be like a basic bedroom or for like normal
bedroom or for like a business room or a luxury room or something like that so I'm just going to check
this as well.
I'm sorry.
So now here we have this one right here.
So this is going to be on the daily basis like on days bases and then we have the fixed blocks.
Now the customer can define how many times how many blocks you want so this is right here.
And that booking duration is going to be like on one day basis and the minimum duration the minimum
duration is going to be like it's the minimum duration is going to be like one and the maximum duration
is going to be 30 days or anything.
I don't think so how how many time a family stays in a hotel.
I would say 15 if the if if they wanted to stay in like 30 days.
They would just buy a room.
They would just rent a room.
So I think 15 days maximum.
They do not go beyond that.
But if you want it to be like 30 days you can go out but no one chooses this.
So is you that this is Turkey.
So then we have enabled calendar range bigger.
Let the user select a start and the date on the calendar.
OK start and end date on the calendar duration will be calculated dramatically.
What this means is that if I just select this OK and then I just come here and I just publish it right
now.
OK.
And let's just open this product up in a new tub.
So let me show you then you will see that once you open up the product and you'll see that I can select
a start date and then I can select and engage if I just select 22 right now.
OK.
And then I can select and date right here.
I'm going to select here like three.
So it's going to be like from 22 to 3 is booked.
OK.
But I have to select the type that is why the pricing is not coming so we will be working up and that's
the price and the type later on and we'll move forward.
Okay.
So we are charging him from like he has to disliked the first two player selection as needed.
So we just like it like he needed from 2 to choose.
And so my and it is going to be 23.
So his booking will be from 20 22nd to 23.
He can just like it from 20 to 22nd.
Okay.
So this is for just one single day.
So this is it works.
OK.
But I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go down and this is what I can see that enabled calendar
range pick or that customer can select his own star day and the day.
Obviously obviously you guys should be selected because you cannot assume this that the person will
stay on that day or that day.
So customers should have to select his own start date.
So if you just selected like 29 tentatively 22nd from 29 and if he so like 27 and it will be like 27
to 30.
So these are the dates that he is booking right now.
So this is how this range will work.
OK.
Make sure that you guys go ahead.
Just guys create it like this and then you publish your product and then just play around with it.
So then you will understand it easily.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here and here and say is an e-book calendar.
Great.
OK.
And then we have Kolender display this should be all this was about you guys already know about this
so I won't explain it but did not check this.
If you want my opinion.
OK.
And then we have the person.
So in the person it's like minimum person are the maximum person so minimum person should be obviously
one like there should be a one single person staying in our room.
OK.
And then we have the maximum person maximum person will make how many how any person can stay in this
specific hotel room.
OK.
So the maximum person can stay five maximum prison already think three free maximum person and that's
all OK.
And then we have to multiply all cost by person count.
So this means that if you just select it then all the cost that we have for one single room then that
will be very as like it will multiply on the basis of person.
So you can select it.
OK.
If you want to but let's just go ahead and let's say like that.
Multiply all costs by person count count person as booking.
I'll tell you later on and enabled the person types let's just come here and let's just uncheck this
resources Stob.
OK.
People will be understanding this later on.
But first let's just work for the person so that there is no confusion that you guys face.
OK.
And then we're going to come here to block cost and block costs is going to be like $50.
And then I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit a date.
So on this date let's go ahead and let's just refresh this page and see what we have selected.
Let me show you first of all we have to select a start date and an end date so presume is basically
Henry.
So we have chosen two rooms.
OK.
And then we have the booking cost.
So my booking cost is like hundred bucks.
If I just come here and I just increase it you can see that I have two persons.
That is why the booking cost is basically two hundred dollars.
If I just selected to be like three person the booking costs will be $300 because I've chosen three
rooms two rooms if I just come here and I just select this one single room.
Then the booking caused is going to be like we're only 150 bucks.
OK.
Because I'm just charging for one single room and it has the person.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to go with 3 3 3.
The price of this is just costing now.
But if we need like a children and an adult category in here so that for a person like for adults we
will charge them $15.
And for children we want to charge them like $25.
How can we do that.
OK.
Or phone like $15 or $10 or free.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to go down here and now here I have to just come here to
the persons.
So here is the cost.
We don't have to mention anything because you will be charging on the person type if you just check
this on.
Then we have to remove the cost from here.
OK I will show you why I mean this.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm not going to multiply all caused by the person count.
No I I'm not.
I'm not going to multiply because I'm charging on the person type.
I'm not charging on the cost.
Since we have two cost that is why I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to remove it and make sure that you don't check this one.
OK.
And then we have the Enable person types.
I just come here and I just want to add a person died.
So I just one two person died basically I'm just going at it one more so you can see I have person type
you know and person type 1 so type zero is going to be like adult.
So if it's an adult then you'll charge him $50.
OK $50 Filby per block cost.
OK.
And if that guy is basically a child then we will charge him $25.
And if that guy is in fact like from one to two years from like a newborn baby to two ears OK.
In fact
charging like $10.
So now we have to give the description.
See here we can right here 18 plus people OK and in here I want to add like
from 2 to 17 years age old people.
OK.
So you can just describe it how you want it to be okay.
And then we have the infant so infant mean newborn to two years.
OK.
And now we're going to go ahead an I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit a date right now
so you can see that we are charging them on the basis of this person type only.
OK we are not charging them on the cost.
OK.
The cost is zero by default.
The person is increasing the price will increase the cost will be seen.
OK let's give here and let's just the first page
now you can see heritage is adult so we have 18 plus people so you can research.
18 plus and from two years to do this in newborn to two years.
So for adults so let's suppose that I have fun single adult OK and the child that are staying in my
home are less.
Let's suppose that I have just one adult.
And I'm just staying in the room.
So I just select a first date to my first date is 22.
OK.
And my second date is also 22.
I just want to book the room for just a single day.
Then this is charging me for just like $50.
The reason is that if you just go to person and then we go to adult then I can see that if adult is
set to one and then we have the block cost per block cost per block cost.
This is set to 1.
This is why this is charging me $50 if I just increase it and if I just take it too you can see it will
charge me double because this is charging me to block cost.
OK let's just come here and let's just make it one single.
OK.
And if I just increase the adult reading and see two adults who are here and single blocks of two adults.
Cost is being multiplied.
OK.
And if the child is increased.
If there is only one single child who is from 2 to 17 years then will charge him $25.
OK.
And if there isn't in fact OK he is just coming to stay in our hotel you can see in fact cannot come
itself back.
OK.
Then they'll charge him $10.
But since only adults will also be coming from him that I will select adults so you can see it's all
charge.
It all costs like in fans plus adult.
And then it is given the total amount.
So this is how it works basically.
Guys we don't have any of the child right here with us.
So this is aardvarks.
Now what I'm going to do right now if if if and if if I just add the block cost here as well.
It should be zero guys.
I'm telling you why you need to enter a deal.
If you enter the block cost here as well 50 OK and then you just come here and then you just set a date
and on just refreshing you will see that the door is a room booking basically the room cost $50.
And if there is an infant then we will just add him in here.
So this is just dumb.
I don't think so.
If it is good for you so you have to select the adult and the adults will be added into here.
And the Geiser like this reasoning can see this is costing him just $100.
The reason is that the base prices this OK this is the block cost and also the cost is also being added
Weimann by.
We just want to charge them on the basis of the people those who are trying to stay in the hotel.
So we want to charge them on that.
So I'm just going to go ahead and if you don't want to charge them on the bases of the people those
who want to stay in.
OK.
If you want to charge them on the basis of that just a single room.
So if you are just buying a single room OK then you have to pay only $50 for one single light.
We don't care about theirs.
We don't care about they don't care about this but we want to know that how many people are saying OK
then if this is the condition then you have to come here and have to come here and you have to just
like this.
OK.
You have to go down you have to come here and you have to remove it and you have to come here.
You have to remove it so you can see that maximum person are alive three that I come here and I just
sit a day.
This is also the policy of some of the hotels like you just booked to.
OK.
And then you have to pay for a room.
They don't care about that.
How many people are staying in here.
They just care about you.
OK.
So if I just increase the adult like three adults are coming in here.
And I want to charge Dan like this one.
So they will just charge $50 just for a single room that you are buying grade.
This is what I mean guys.
OK.
And now let's come here and let's come here to the person.
So if he disliked multiply all cost by person and then it would be multiplied to three.
OK.
And if he selected this kown person as booking and a discount to each person as a booking unit the max
booking per account.
This will be applied to that if we select tree then there will be three bookings counted.
Only one single people can stay in our room.
So if I just come here and I just refresh it you can see I just added like three.
And I just come here and I just saw like this and I just enter this there is a maximum of one place
remaining on December of this so you can see it is just showing an error because we have the availability.
OK.
We have said that maximum booking per days is set to 1.
If I just come here and I just increase it to three that three bookings can be done on this.
So if he just selected like three adults three person and then he can see that the booking will be raised
separately for that for them.
So if I just come here and I just selected and I just selected again that he can see the booking cost
is this but the booking separate template tepid booking three bookings are being done here.
So I have to multiply the cost.
If I am choosing this one because there are three bookings being done here that everybody will be given
a separate room fee if if we need this type of functionality in this specific form.
So I I hope that you don't have any of that confusion here.
Let me explain you guys.
OK.
So we have chosen that count person as booking.
How many person they have that will be counted as bookings so far booking the booking means the room
since we are giving Jim just a single room for one person.
If there are two person then we are giving him two rooms.
So we have to multiply the cost because we are giving them two rooms OK.
And then I just come here and I just refresh and I just set a date
to come here and it's just refreshed this so you can see on increasing this and why I'm here and I just
like this and I want to like this so I can see cause disease.
I just come here.
I just read book now and it is right here and it's going to come here and in the view Cardigan's can
see adultery and every adult will be given a specific crew.
OK so this will be deducted from our availability things that we are giving only to the blog for Max
booking but a block like we have three rooms then we want three people to just come into our hotel on
a single day.
OK.
We can not go beyond that.
So everybody is fed and no one can.
Come into here.
This is what I mean.
I hope I'm clear to you guys.
You can just come here you can just bring your out here you can do this and just read it here and there.
And I hope it will be clear to you.
But I will be going up Fifth and mostly hotels do have the policy that they charge damn on this one.
OK they don't charge the cost OK.
We come here to the person we come here two days.
Then they charge them for adults so if it is like a plane booking OK then you want it to be like Koun
person as booking.
OK.
So then you want it to be like kown versus booking that if a guy is coming in here they want to charge
them as a booking.
So a person can just come here and then the blockbuster will be like this so we will be creating a new
product for that plane.
OK but first we want to go with this one.
OK.
I want to come here and I want the type to be homeless come here and let's go to the cost and we are
charging them for just $100 per single room.
Whether they are child whether they are whatever or we don't care ok.
We just want to charge them about the single room and.
And in one single room they are given three max person OK they can not go beyond that.
Then we have the cost.
So the cost is selected on this.
OK.
And then we have a dealing product so we don't want to link any product you guys already know about
this up sales and cross-sell and then we have the availability.
Okay so we have since we have three Doomsville are just selecting three tunes but we have hundred rooms
Let's suppose.
Okay let's just check it to be like one.
We have just only one single room so that we can also test it.
Okay.
And minimum block booking should be one.
OK.
And this should be like six months or so.
So a person can book anything.
Book our room six month before.
OK.
He cannot go beyond that.
And then we have all dates are available by default.
OK.
We don't want to add anything.
So we don't want to add anything.
Obviously this is a whole deal and everything should be available.
OK.
So then we have a the restrict days we don't want to restrict these dates.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to get the costs right now and I'm going to remove this because
I don't want to charge them on the basis of that.
And then I have the availability.
OK.
This means that Max booking per block.
This is like how many blocks he wanted to be.
So availability will be like set to 30.
Since you have 30 to we just want to check this one.
The minimum log book cable and you guys already know about it.
So now what we want to do is that we have to just switch Resources tab on.
OK.
So in the resources how we want to type so the type will be a room type.
I'm just going into a room type in the resources Volbeat customers selected already automatically assigned
so I'm going to select the customer we can select it and add link resource and this will be a basic
room OK I'm going to hit enter.
I'm going to hit addling free sors and this will be
luxury
our pro room.
And then this will be business room
OK.
And so let's just go ahead and let it.
So this is right here.
OK.
And then here I won the basic room to cost like nothing.
So the basic room will cost you only the price of the room.
Only the price of that room that you pay if you are looking for proof room that then playroom will cost
you extra extra.
I'm talking about the extras like if you're charging basic room for like 100 bucks which is already
here.
OK.
Then for the room we want to charge them on the basis of like
100 more so we will charge $200 for pro rooms.
OK.
And if he wants that business room right there would be like around bill that so many things and also
a lobby will be given to him and so much stuffs to charge him like thousand dollars for one single day.
OK.
So this will be the business room.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I am going to go ahead and I'm going to date this right now so unclogging
the update.
Let's just view the product and you're going to see how amazing it's going to look.
This is out as blue collar hotel.
It is from hundred dollars.
OK.
And then it pays adult child this.
So we can also change it to be like person because we don't want to get any of that thing.
So it's going to come here.
I'm just going to make it like this and the person can be 28 29 30 OK I'm going to come here and I'm
going to hit a beach right now.
So I'll come here.
And let's just refer to seek and see.
It's just going to ask for person how many persons we want and then I'm going to ask for the room type.
So I just want to be like BASIC from basic room will cost him only 100 bucks OK and prove to him will
cost him like hundred dollars more.
So if you just select twenty three and the end date is also 23 then even then it will cost him a hundred
dollars more.
OK so this is how the program works if you select basic rule number then basically it will be like BASIC.
He has just he just says pay a hundred dollars and that's all.
But if he go for like business room then it will cost in like $2000 more.
And it's going to cost him like one thousand one hundred dollars.
So this is how it basically works.
OK so now here if you want to just charge damn on the basis of the room they select.
Like if you want to charge them if you want to edit the resource like how many rooms you have for business
for how many produ you have how many basic room you have.
Then what you have to do you have to just come here to the basic room and you have to hit at a resource.
And this will be like the quantity of this source available at any given time.
This means that like if someone is going to buy this business through them how much how what will be
the range and what will be the quantity.
So it feels like like we have just three business room.
Okay.
And then we just come here and we just should update Okay.
And then we come here and we will be first this.
So then this will be
this will be like for three business Strohm okay like only three dimes.
This room can be booked okay like we just have three if someone comes and buy it for just one more this
will be visible.
And if someone comes in buy it for the second time this will be visible.
Let me just show you if I just come here and I just said to just hit one.
OK.
And now let's sit and let's hit up the
let's come here let's just refresh this and again see that we have only one business room so business
room can be bought only one time by a specific date.
If I just come here and I just pre-trade this business room OK and then I just go ahead and I just hit
book now.
But let's come here and let's make the change here.
I'm going to go to availability and I'm going to choose it to be like two.
So we have Max booking is set to 300.
But if you just buy our business room then for business when we just have only one single business room
and that's all.
OK.
So I'm going to come here I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to go to the condo.
Sorry.
The view right here and this is said to like business room it's six six days pay.
And so let's suppose that I am buying the business rule and it's going to go ahead I'm going to proceed
to check out right now.
And now here I have to just buy it.
So I'm just going to go and I'm going to place her daughter's going to be placed and you can see that
I have protégées this right now.
And if I just come here and I just see it like view my bookings you can see this is the Boockvar hotel
this is right here.
And if I just come here and then I try to book this room again.
OK we have 30 available guys.
If I just come here and I just try to book it.
OK.
This is right here.
But if I just come here and I just select this business room you can see this business room can not
be selected because we have just this room is one single available.
This is what I mean.
So obviously a business room is just so big room OK with that a lot of tables and a lot of things that
people hire that people buy.
So since this is already bogged we cannot have so many business room.
So this is what they mean.
OK.
So now you can see that this is how it works and I hope that you can understand it pretty well that
how everything works can at a range as well like there would be a day Tran's and it'd be like bookable
or not.
Buckyballs so you can also have the range like if you want to be like Sunday on Sunday the business
is off.
So we don't want be we don't want that room will not be bookable.
So on Sunday the room cannot be bookable So this is how you can work.
This is how you can manage everything.
And this is how you can apply these resources ranges.
Okay.
So this is outrageous.
So now I'm going to go ahead and I am going to just go to the products and then all products analysts
added to our product.
This is our product.
Okay.
So I can see that this is how the resources work.
You can charge them on the basis of resources you can charge them on the basis of cost you can charge
them on the basis of person and you can charge and because of the resources everything you can charge
them on the basis of anything.
So this will not be so confusing.
I seriously seriously this will be so confusing when you opted to just install this plug in and then
apply to it then mess around with it then do these types of things.
OK.
And then you will understand it easily.
But I just first started this plug in I just was like oh my god this is seriously guys this happens
this happens or if this is this is happening.
It is totally OK this is normal guy is this is normal it will happen.
So do not worry.
OK.
So thanks guys for watching this.
And in the next video we will be breaking up of the plane booking hotel a flight booking and the next
one you will be doing that stadium guys and by.